# Google Assistant

## Instalation (Server Site)

1. go to root folder of SH
2. `cd ./Modules/`
3. `git clone URL`
4. open SH in browser navigate to settings/integrations there click on GoogleHome and change model oriented setting if nesseseary.

## Instalation (Google Site)

1. Create a new project in the [Actions on Google console.](https://console.actions.google.com/)
   1. Click New Project and give your project a name.
   2. Click on the Smart Home card, then click the Start Building button.
   3. Click Name your Smart Home action under Quick Setup to give your Action a name - Simple-Home will appear in the Google Home app as [test] Simple-Home
   4. Click on the Overview tab at the top of the page to go back.
   5. Click Build your Action, then click Add Action(s).
   6. Add your Simple-Home URL: `https://[SIMPLE HOME ROOT URL]/api/googleasistant/fufillment` in the Fulfillment.
   7. Click Save.
2.  Account linking is required for your app to interact with Simple-Home.
    1.  Start by going back to the Overview tab.
    2.  Click on Setup account linking under the Quick Setup section of the Overview page.
    3.  If asked, leave options as they default.
    4.  Click Next
3.  Enter the following:
    1.  Client ID: (generated by Simple-Home)
    2.  Client Secret: (generated by Simple-Home)
    3.  Authorization URL: `https://[SIMPLE HOME ROOT URL]/oauth/authorize.`
    4.  Token URL (replace with your actual URL): `https://[SIMPLE HOME ROOT URL]/oauth/token`
    5.  In the Configure your client Scopes textbox, type `device` and click Add scope
    6.  Do NOT check Google to transmit clientID and secret via HTTP basic auth header.
4.  Click Test in upper bar
5.  now your action will be availible like integration in Google Home App
    
## Supported Devicex & Properties

* for now Intergration module support folowing Devices/Properties.

- Device (Relay):
  - switch
  - socket
  - light
- Device (Door):
  - state
- Device (Termostat):
  - temperture_control

## Configuration
